ZEX: THE STORYCHAPTER 1The waiting room of General Johnson was empty except for the lone figure looking out of the window. Captain Daniel Roberts gazed out at the desolation, scouring the blackened earth, searching for the merest hint of green. It had not always been this way. Ten years ago the fields surrounding this air force base were green rolling grassland, with small but thick copses of tall oaks. But that was gone. The days before the war were days of bliss, where being in the military was just endless drills and movements, but now the military was stretched to breaking point.The day all this changed was June 27th 2003.Three weeks before, scientists at Cape Kennedy announced that they had received signals from space. These signals were comparable with morse code. The government threw resources into this, building massive teams to break these codes. The government wanted to be the first people to contact an alien intelligence. so when the message promised peace the government accepted this with a belief that verged on naivete.It was a national holiday the day they came. Ten thousand people were there, with the President looking up waiting for the ships to appear. The awe filled gasps sounded loudly in the relative silence as ten thousand faces gazed upwards watching the six black dots in the clear blue sky. They got closer and closer until we could clearly make out their design.The ships were triangular in shape, long pointed brows that gleamed blackly like oiled steel. Their sleek lines gave them almost a sinister aspect, it was like gazing upon predators; smooth and deadly. There were gun turrets on both top and bottom surfaces of the ships. Why are there so many guns on ships of peace?Closer and closer the ships came until they blocked out the sun.A microphone crackled as the president spoke."The people of the Earth welcome you and offer our hand across the galaxy in a sign of peace."The aliens reply was short but it made its point clearly.Multiple beams of energy burst from the ships laying waste to all they touched. The presidents term of office died that day along with everyone else that hoped to greet the aliens.Earth was thrown into panic as these ships of destruction sped around the globe laying cities to waste. Millions died in those first few days.For reasons unknown to ourselves the main ships moved into orbit and launched thousands of fighter ships against us.The civilian masses fled to the many military bases across the globe, thinking that they would be safer if they were protected by our men of war. The bases could not cope with the influx of people and many were forced to flee out in to the open country, hiding in the woods and hills staying away from any built up area that was systematically attacked. It was like man was being put back to the dark ages.We responded with air strikes on these alien crafts but our pilots faired poorly. Their ships were all but invunerable to machine gun fire and although our missiles could destroy them, we could not get "missile lock" on their ships and had to hit our targets manually. It was not until three years later did our scientists discover what emissions their craft produced that could be used to lock our missiles to their ships. In three years six hundred and twenty five pilots lost their lives.Any pilot who survived those first three years was good. This is how Captain Roberts shot up the ranks. Sixty four sorties in the first three years; he accomplished them all and chalked up eighty seven "kills".Once we gained the technology to "lock on" to our targets we started evening up the score and in the next six years the skies became evenly balanced.On the ground we were better off; due to our large numbers the intial alien rush was stopped within the first year. It then became a battle ot attrition. Heavy casualties were suffered on both sides until the aliens gave up and aimed purely for the domination of the skies. Once they destroyed our aerial capabilities they could mop up the final resistance.The war now is almost at a stalemate, neither side has the spare resources to make that final major assault and win the war. It has turned into a waiting game. lately it has been quiet, too quiet.Captain Roberts snapped out of his ponderings as a voice crackled over the intercom. "OK Roberts, I'm ready to see you."Even over the intercom Captain Roberts could hear the strain in General Johnson's voice. a strange anxiety came over Roberts as his hand reached for the door handle, it was like a tiny voice in his head saying,"Run Daniel, run!".Roberts took a deep breath, quelling the rising panic and opened the door. He was surprised to see two other people already in the room with the General. One man was in his early thirties , wirey to the point of gauntness. He was slightly balding, and what hair he did have was wayward and untidy. His eyes were a striking blue colour and they seemed to be continually roving around the room taking in every detail. The General introduced him as Simon Parker, head of scientific research into alien technology. The other man was so non-descript, it almost seemed deliberate. His black hair groomed in a neat but plain hair-style, his age indistinguishable; anywhere from mid thirties to late forties. His black suit was emaculate, with a crisp white shirt and a black tie. Unlike the other man his focus was on one thing, Captain Roberts, and his stare was piercing, like he was examining the captain's soul. This was Jonathan Stokes, head of intelligence. A very important man.The General looked at the Captain and spoke,"Close the door son and take a seat, you're gonna need it!" Captain Roberts closed the door and headed for his seat.Chapter 2Captain Roberts sat down and gazed at the General, he was conscious of the stares he was receiving but he willed himself to stare resolutely at the General like a drowning man clinging to a life raft.The room was silent for a long while, each man mulling over his own thoughts, it seemed that the general was building up to say something but couldn't find the words to start.  Finally with a sigh he spoke,"What I must make perfectly clear son is that all this is totally confidential, what you hear here  must not be repeated, do you understand Captain?""Yes Sir", answered the Captain sharply."It's been very quiet lately", continued the General."And through intelligence reports we have received, it is now clear that the enemy is on the move.  The problem is son, its their final move, their ace card.  It could mean the end of the war.  It could mean the end of the Human Race!" shouted the General."But how could...." trailed off the captain as the General interrupted him."It seems that their tactics have changed. They are starting to place Ionic devices around the globe, which they are going to detonate and destroy the Earth.""That's not necessarily true!" interjected  Simon Parker."If my calculations are correct the locations of these devices are incredibly important.  If these devices are detonated in quick succession, the Earth will be blown off its standard orbit plunging it into another Ice Age.  From what we have discovered from autopsies of R'mparyans killed in battle is that their physiology would allow them to exist in extremes of hot or cold, so the Ice Age would destroy Man but the R'mparyans would live on and inhabit the Planet.We could not at first comprehend their intentions, a plan of this magnitude is beyond human capability. If I were not so scared I would be impressed with the level of thinking the R'mparyan's have.""I am of course distressed Sir, but what has this exactly got to do with me, surely this is information for my superiors", said the Captain.The general replied, "Well yes, but this is where is gets tricky.  If we send a full force against these devices we will give away the knowledge we have and they will detonate these devices."So what exactly are we going to do?" asked the Captain."Son, we have created a weapon of incredible power. This weapon could destroy these ships and Ionic devices.  But Mr Parker knows a great deal more than me."Simon Parker cleared his throat and began,"About three months ago three of our fighters took down a R'mparyan fighter just over Dallas, unlike all other cases the ship's self destruct mechanism failed, an incredible device that works on the pilots brain waves, stop the brain waves and boom!!!  Sorry i'm getting off the subject.Well this fighter was brought back to the laboratory and about 95% of the systems were operational.  Let me tell you that the R'mparyans have opened our eyes and redefined everything we know about propulsion and aircraft construction. The control system is beyond anything that we have ever thought about. It has neural control, it's controlled by thought!  The pilots undergo surgery to add implants into their brain so they can 'jack' into the ship.  The weapon systems are incredibly powerful, even the standard cannons can pierce 18 inch thick steel.  I am at this moment working on lasers.  I was almost at the point of believing that we would never be able produce enough power in such a small generator, but as I said before their technology has allowed us to expand our understanding, its a pity we have to destroy them.From all this technology we have created a fighter with more destructive power than all our other aircraft put together.  It  uses R'mparyan technology  as you probably have guessed and with a few modifications of my own it is the most powerful fighter on the planet, Human or otherwise. The general interjected, "we need a pilot son, and your the best.""The surgery is minor, there will be no complications, it should take about half an hour" butted in Simon Parker quickly, gauging the argument that was building up in the Captain."Look, it might be a cliche son, but in this case its true.  Your country needs you, in fact the human race needs you!" said the General on his feet and red faced with emotion."I have little choice in the matter.""True, but I would prefer you doing this willingly"  said the general."I'll be honest sir, I'm not doing it for my Country, or for the Human Race, I'm doing it for my wife and son." Simon Parker almost looked gleeful, he now had the test pilot for his greatest creation.  "In the operation we will also install a program that will  teach you all the controls of the ship instantly, so no learning curve, you'll be an expert immediately, and combined with your fighting skills we couldn't be in better hands.""So what this ship called then,"  said the Captain with a voice full of determination."Zex," said Simon Parker."It's called Zex." Chapter 3"O.K Soldier, enough of the pleasantries, lets get down to the facts."  snapped Jonathan Stokes, speaking for the first time since Captain Roberts had entered the room.Jonathan Stokes then meticulously when through what little information they had on the R'Mparyans strategies, ship deployments and defences.  He enforced the fact that there had been an influx of the enemy's best single-man fighters.  This ship was known as a Phoenix and was fast and deadly."I am quite aware of that, Sir" said the Captain finding great difficulty in holding the caustic edge from his voice."You had better be, this is the whole human race we are talking about here, not some minor sortie, don't forget that ever!"The meeting droned on for another hour, going over what may and may not happenuntil the words and pictures just flowed over Captain Roberts without really making any impact.  He knew he would be ready when the time came, but for now he had to escape, there was someone he had to speak to, maybe before it was too late.Eventually Captain Roberts was dismissed and Jonathan Stokes turned to the General, "So do you think your boy will be able to do it then?""He's a good man, but the pressure is on, how many of us could carry the fate of the planet on their shoulders.""I thought he took it quite well, considering we just told him he was mankind's last hope," added Simon Parker."Maybe....." said Stokes gazing out of the window."We will find out soon enough!  So General how do you like the cold?"Claire Roberts heard the key turn in the lock, and a strange coldness came over her.  Daniel shouldn't be home this early!Claire had had a hard morning; their son Stuart had been a handful.  It wasn't really Stuey's fault, there was no room for playing, he was stuck in the house all the time, he had to expend his energy somehow, but it always seemed to cause her work.  This mornings prank was to 'redecorate' his bedroom wall with a colourful picture of his Dad flying over some mountains in a jet fighter.  He had drawn it in thick wax crayon, to ensure that it wouldn't fade before his Dad got there to see it.She heard Stuey call "Mom Mom,  Dads home!"Captain Roberts smiled at his son, "Hi ya Tiny, are you being good for your Mom."Stuey beamed up at his Dad, crunching his features up in an expression that told his Dad that he hadn't been on his best behaviour."Of Course, do you want do some drawing with me Dad," completely changing the subject in mid-sentence. "I drew a picture for you earlier but Mom said I had to clean it off."Daniel smiled at his sons avoidance of the question,"Why would your Mom do that?"Strangely Stuey's voice became very quiet and Daniel had to strain his ears to catch what his son said."I sort of drew it on my bedroom wall"Stuey was  shocked when his Dad bent down and gave him a swift hug and told him not to do it again.Daniel headed towards the kitchen and saw his wife  had her back to him, apparently staring out of the window.Claire had her eyes closed, trying desperately to calm the rising panic.  She closed her eyes tighter trying to make this scene go away, its not real she told herself, there is nothing wrong.But try as she might she couldn't change the scene, it was real and it was to stay.She spoke in a voice that was almost breaking,"It's bad isn't it"Captain Roberts paused a second and then answered,"The Worst!"Chapter 4Daniel sat down, and put his head in his hands.  He looked up and started to speak.  Claire said nothing, she just wanted to listen to him.  She knew if she interrupted him now he may never say the things that needed to be said, those thoughts and feelings he kept so close and secret.Daniel spoke with little emotion, telling Claire what he must do and why.  Daniel's voice trembled a little when he told her of what would happen if he failed. The implications of what he said were more than she could handle.  This could be the end for them, right here, right now.  Tears appeared in Claire's eyes and soon were a steady stream trickling down her cheeks.  All Daniel's discipline shattered in that moment like an icy palace around his heart, allowing all the fear and sadness to burst to the surface.  Daniel held Claire close and softly wept in to her hair.  When he had composed himself he whispered word of love and hope to console Claire, but both knew that there was no hope.Eventually they broke from the embrace and stared at each other.  Weak, sad smiles on their faces. Both trying to support each other by putting a brave face on it.  Stuey came into the room, quiet and apprehensive.  He must have seen his parents because they hadn't tried to hide their grief."Mom, whats the matter?" said Stuey in a timid voice."Dad's got to go way and it might be a long time," said Claire looking down in to Stuey's sad, little face.Daniel came up to his son and knelt.  He embraced his son and Stuey hugged him back."Hey Dad, you going away to be just like Top Gun again.""Yep, something like that.  Are you going to look after Mom for me while I’m gone?"  "Of course I will Dad.  So when are you going, will you have time to do some drawing with me?""Sorry Champ, I've got to leave in an hour and I need to pack some stuff."Stuey nodded and ran of into his room where he picked up his toy plane and pretended to be his Dad.  His impersonation of plane engines could be heard in the other room.  Daniel smiled at this and spoke to Claire."I hope I can live up to Stuey's expectations""Let's not waste our last hour speculating on things we cannot know" said Claire moving over to her husband.  She took him by the hand, and with a gentle pull, he got his feet.  He smiled at her, comprehending what she meant and without another word led her to the bedroom.The hanger was full of bustle.  Daniel stood at the doorway staring in on the many technicians that were busy perparing for the take off of Zex.   From where he stood all he could see of Zex was the tip of her nose cone.  It was pointed and dull black, like that of a stealth bomber, but the nose cone was the size of a F-14 nose cone.  A voice behind Daniel interrupted his musings.  It was Simon Parker."Ah, there you are.  We need to prep you for surgery.  The theatre will be ready in 40 minutes, so come on let's go."Daniel followed Parker away from the hanger into the medical complex.  Neither spoke, they both had too much on their minds to waste their time by speaking to each other.  Both had questions that the other could not answer, so both just walked in silence.Eventually Daniel was brought to a section of private rooms."Your room is number 10, take a shower and put on the gown, a nurse will be in with your medication shortly."Daniel just nodded and entered the room.  Parker went to say something but decided against it.  He turned away and headed down the corridor at a quick pace.  Daniel closed the door and started to get ready.Nurse Thomas opened the door with one hand, and entered the room.  In her other hand was the medication prescribed for Daniel.  Daniel was sitting on the bed staring out the window.  On hearing  the door open he turned to face the person entering the room."Why so worried, its only a small operation" said Nurse Thomas."Well Julie, its not the operation that's bothering me," said Daniel reading her first name from  the badge on her uniform."Well if its not the operation then what is it, you look like you have the weight of the world on your shoulders," said Julie smiling at the morose figure of Captain Roberts."Your closer to the truth than you believe," said Daniel looking at Nurse Thomas."Pardon me?" said Julie quizzically."Never mind.  So how long you worked here?" said Daniel, changing the subject.They spoke of inconsequential things that helped Daniel control the panic that was rising at the thought of trying to save the human race single handedly.  He took his pills and settled down on the bed.  Nurse Thomas left the room.  When the sound of the door closing had finally settled he felt very alone, more alone than he had ever been in all his life.Thirty minutes later they came for him.  He was wheeled down to surgery.  Daniel watched the ceiling on his way to theatre, it reminded him of some sort of clinical nightmare.   Being wheeled to an unknown doom and not being able to do anthing about it.  You can't move, you can't speak but you can see every detail, you can't close your eyes.  The last thing Daniel remembered was the masked face of the surgeon looking down on him just before he went under the anaesthetic.Daniel woke.  There was a dull pain behind his right ear.  Tentatively he raised his hand to his ear.  Probing gentley behind his ear he felt the rim of a terminal to except a datajack.  Although the terminal was less than half a centimeter across Daniel felt monsterous and horrific, he felt as if he had given up his humanity and became some sort of cyborg.  He could feel a wall of anger rising, rushing up to engulf him in a red haze.  Daniel jumped out of the bed, the agony of the wound only fuelling his rage.  He grabbed a chair and threw it across the room.  He pounded on the wall until his fists were red and sore and soon the wall of hate faded into nothing, letting the pain take over.  Daniel slid down the wall, tears in his eyes and eventually drifted into unconsciousness.Daniel woke to the concerned stares of General Johnson, Simon Parker and Johnathan Stokes."Take it easy son, you've came through a lot, but you've made it.  I'm proud of you," said the General."I'm sorry General, I flipped out for a second," said Daniel weakly."Christ son, you've been through hell emotionally, but your ready now.  You'll be O.K.""Yeah I know it feels strange, but when your jacked into the ship, it will respond to your thoughts.  It will be an extension of your mind, and the mind is the most powerful weapon of all," interjected Simon Parker.Daniel closed his eyes for a second and pinched the bridge of his nose. He opened his eyes suddenly and turned to face the others."O.K. I'm ready.   Let's get acquainted with Zex!"       